PEP 3118: Add canonical-doc & mention unimplemented changes. (#4200)
python/peps: peps/pep-3118.rst

Python-Version: 3.0
Post-History:

.. canonical-doc:: :external+python:ref:`bufferobjects`,
                   :external+python:c:type:`PyBufferProcs`,
                   :external+python:c:type:`PyMemoryView_FromObject`.

   Some changes proposed here, like :ref:`3118-struct-additions` and
   ``PyObject_CopyToObject``, were not implemented.

>    After more than a decade, any proposals to add this functionality should

Reviewer: Maybe this should have  a date?  "After more than a decade" is relative... to what?

Reviewer 2: Maybe what he wants to express is someone who will try to add it in the future. I'm the original author of the PR mentioned in the blurb, which I think is great.

Author: I meant relative to `Python-Version: 3.0`. I guess that should be more explicit?

```suggestion
   This PEP targets Python 3.0, which was released more than a decade ago.
   Any proposals to add missing functionality should
```

Python-Version: 3.0

> Post-History:

Reviewer 3: Shall we add a link to the discussion?

This looks like the relevant thread:

https://mail.python.org/archives/list/python-dev@python.org/thread/X7A5IP4VFJTVCQJSMBXGAH3BVB3A5C3T/#ZTM3PKWBLXD53CAETIEZL2BPWKUG4INM

We can also remove these redundant headers:
```
Version: $Revision$
Last-Modified: $Date$
...
Content-Type: text/x-rst
```
